gh-133367: Add missing options to `ast` CLI (#133369)
python/cpython: Doc/library/ast.rst

.. _abstract-grammar:

Abstract grammar

> ----------------

Reviewer: And the top-level header:

```diff
-:mod:`!ast` --- Abstract Syntax Trees
+:mod:`!ast` --- Abstract syntax trees
 =====================================
```

>    occurrences of the same value (e.g. :class:`ast.Add`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   occurrences of the same value (for example, :class:`ast.Add`).
```

   Indentation of nodes in AST (number of spaces).

.. option:: --feature-version <version>

>    Minor version (int) or 3.x tuple (e.g., 3.10).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Minor version (int) or 3.x tuple (e.g., 3.10).
   
   .. versionadded:: next
```

Reviewer 2: and the same for other options.

>    Minor version (int) or 3.x tuple (e.g., 3.10).

Reviewer 3: I'd avoid calling it a tuple. It is a tuple when you call `ast.parse` but you don't pass it as a tuple in the CLI so this could be confusing

.. option:: -o <level>
            --optimize <level>

   Optimization level for parser.

.. option:: --show-empty

>    Show empty lists and fields in dump output.

Reviewer 3: Maybe?
```suggestion
   Show empty lists and fields that are ``None``.
```
Otherwise it reads as if the fields were also empty.

   Indentation of nodes in AST (number of spaces).

.. option:: --feature-version <version>

>    Python version in the format 3.x (e.g., 3.10).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   Python version in the format 3.x (for example, 3.10).
```

Please follow the style guide: https://devguide.python.org/documentation/style-guide/#use-simple-language

   .. versionadded:: next

> .. option:: -o <level>

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   .. versionadded:: next

.. option:: -o <level>
```

Author: sorry but I'm going to revert this changes about gaps between options since there is one line gap between other options

Reviewer 4: Ah I was looking at functions, though I don't see why they should be different

https://github.com/python/cpython/blob/a36367520eb3a954c94c71a6b2b64d2542283e38/Doc/library/ast.rst?plain=1#L2517-L2520

            --optimize <level>

   Optimization level for parser.

>    .. versionadded:: next
> 
> .. option:: --show-empty

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   .. versionadded:: next

.. option:: --show-empty
```

This file maintains a 2 line gap style.

   Show empty lists and fields that are ``None``.

   .. versionadded:: next

> If :file:`infile` is specified its contents are parsed to AST and dumped

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   .. versionadded:: next

If :file:`infile` is specified its contents are parsed to AST and dumped
```

   Indentation of nodes in AST (number of spaces).

.. option:: --feature-version <version>

>    Python version in the format 3.x (for example, 3.10).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Python version in the format 3.x (for example, 3.10). Defaults to the current version of the interpreter.
```

   .. versionadded:: next

.. option:: -O <level>
            --optimize <level>

>    Optimization level for parser.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Optimization level for parser. Defaults to no optimization.
```

   .. versionadded:: next

.. option:: --show-empty

>    Show empty lists and fields that are ``None``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Show empty lists and fields that are ``None``. Defaults to showing empty objects.
```

   Indentation of nodes in AST (number of spaces).

.. option:: --feature-version <version>

   Python version in the format 3.x (for example, 3.10). Defaults to the
   current version of the interpreter.

   .. versionadded:: next

.. option:: -O <level>
            --optimize <level>

   Optimization level for parser. Defaults to no optimization.

   .. versionadded:: next

.. option:: --show-empty

>    Show empty lists and fields that are ``None``. Defaults to showing empty

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Show empty lists and fields that are ``None``. Defaults to not showing empty
```
